{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Droid Sans Fallback;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 FreeSans;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af7 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af7 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr2015\mo6\dy14\hr15\min21}{\revtim\yr2015\mo6\dy27\hr19\min58}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern67241986}}\deftab709
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\qc{\ul\ulc0\b\afs28\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs28
Personal Statement}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\qc\ul\ulc0\b\afs28\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs28

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
Throughout my degree and the start of my professional life, I }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
ha}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
ve enjoyed solving quantitative problems with computers. My knowledge of computing to date has been self-taught as projects have required it, and I love finding the answers to questions under my own steam. }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
A}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
 formal education in computing is the obvious next step }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
for}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
 me }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
as I}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
 embark on a career which I am passionate about. }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
The course at KCL is perfect; I particularly like the inclusion of practical modules like \u8220\'93Algorithmic Issues in the World Wide Web\u8221\'94 which could be directly useful in my immediate career.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
Despite there being surprisingly little computing involved in my undergraduate (biology) degree, when the time came to choose an assessment project, I decided to set myself a challenge and apply for a mathematical modelling assignment. I modelled the evolution of altruism under changing dispersal conditions. This involved learning both the requisite }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
maths}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
 an}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
d}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
 the Mathematica syntax necessary alongside doing the actual work. Despite, or perhaps because of, having to puzzle through a lot of the material independently, I found the process the most enjoyable period of my entire degree. Solving problems with both Mathematica and the maths as they came up was frustrating but all the more rewarding for it, and I was amazed by how much I enjoyed the computational aspect of the project.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
When I was seconded to PwC (a large accountancy firm) as a data analyst }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
from my first job}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
, I once again found my stride working on large analytical projects. I volunteered to complete a project which would map }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
a}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
ll the companies in a given sector in the UK, and then model how likely it was that they would be acquired within the next 3 years. For this I used R, and found myself again enjoying solving the problems I faced, }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
and coming up with a useful, real-world solution to a particularly large (and in this case potentially expensive!) problem}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
. I taught myself VBA while I was there, and have used it to automate processes which had previously taken hours of }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
t}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
ime }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
each week manually}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
At the same time, I }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
took a job as a development intern at an educational technology start-up. While a lot of my time is spent writing GCSE/A Level content, or using VBA to correct systematic punctuation/formatting errors in the excel question database, the other side of my job is being paid to learn PHP/MySQL/HTML/CSS to work under the in-house developer to maintain and add functionality to the website, which I enjoy more than anything else I've done to date. This job has further convinced me that a career in software development is for me.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
Since leaving university, I have been ever more interested in computers, and recently assembled my first gaming PC. This allowed me to install Ubuntu on my laptop, and I have since discovered }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
the }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
joys of the command line. I've also looked at most major object-oriented programming languages, and have developed a}{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
n }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
understanding of data structures, control flow and general object-orientation. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
I want to take my professional and hobbyist interest to the next level, learn more about computing, and get my first real job in software development. }{\ulnone\ulc0\b0\afs24\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
The thing that draws me towards the KCL course most of all is the practical focus of many of the optional modules. As a biologist, the biological modules are very appealing to me. Explicitly understanding the complex problems which were glossed over during my undergraduate degree would be both satisfying and relevant to a fast-growing, exciting field which I am very interested in. What's more, the location allows me to continue to learn more about web development at my current job on a part-time basis, time allowing. Overall the suitability, structure and reputation of the course have motivated my application.}
\par }